Stephanie Riggs winner of the most
prestigious awards and television news
including the edward r murrow best
journalistic enterprise regional emmett
national gracie allen award and
Colorado's broadcast Citizen of the Year
winner of the Emmy Award for the
region's best Baker in 2002 for other
Emmys for two documentaries writing at
best new series in 2000 the fire burning
near shallow is now slightly larger than
the city of Los Angeles
two years and two months after the
deadliest act of terrorism in America
it's over a Colorado jury says Timothy
McVeigh should die a nightmare brought
these strangers together more than two
years ago and together they bonded
through tears and prayers and love
hoping to heal and tonight they tell us
what this verdict means to them in their
own words one seemingly random act of
violence this downtown Denver bus stop
set off a chain of spontaneous acts of
kindness the more Colorado learned about
this crime the more we learned about
this man the smaller our world became
from a Denver bus stop to the other side
of the world we take you to a place that
appears to have nothing in common with
Colorado a Chairs more in common than we
could have ever realized because of one
man's dream children shout emmerich
America
hundreds of villagers crowd around our
car women children and elders many of
the young men like Omar ja have gone to
find jobs in the big cities to support
their families here Omar ja like so many
young West African men had no choice but
to move to Dakar and eventually the US
the movement the survival of a village a
village so tiny you can't even find it
on a map two years ago a senseless
murder in Colorado shine the light on a
man and inspired many people in our
state to embrace his people and his
American Dream and out of something
tragic came something positive between
this tiny village in West Africa and our
entire state you took a very different
tact with this story tell me what you
did well this city actually told the
story when Omar jaw was gunned down in
downtown Denver it was a story that made
news of course but we started to learn
more about this man and what his life
stood for and I think what happened is
Colorado said no no this is wrong we
have to make it right and they made it
right and it was a spontaneous reaction
to a random act of violence random acts
of kindness erupted all over the city to
the tune of about three hundred thousand
dollars and as a result this city got
together and made all marshes dreams
come true half a world away I wanted to
go there and show Colorado this is what
you did this is what we can do if we
stand together and hope and love it
touched our souls that's what this story
did then a superb president for starters
but you know the economy is coming back
so you're not looking at the polls back
then he walked over to Memorial Hall to
sign his new book this is a book that
had to be written
it is a personal political story this is
definitely the main event for
Indianapolis and the rest of the world
Mike Tai Chi accommodating Secret
Service then escorted mrs. Yeltsin to a
quiet corner of the restaurant for an
impromptu interview what are your goals
while you're in Colorado the Lakers
future hall-of-famer says he's praying
for the same and trying to show the
world how to live with HIV you're the
dark one and he was mr. lucky you still
think he's mr. lucky you didn't ever
very lucky 1998 no not at all and it
just didn't have to be happy kiddo she
is also wishing for a baby I took
Godfather's happy all right good go home
let's go home honey try to make a little
baby oh no no no I can't not yet are you
pregnant I am NOT I am NOT unfortunate
the place he only shares with family and
close friends
this is kevin costner's field of dreams
a 35-acre mountain retreat in Aspen what
he feels like a kid again let's talk
about Colorado yeah you love colorado i
do i love colorado and i love where I
where I'm at I I feel no need to go any
farther Dora spotted Stephanie rigs with
CBS station k CN c in denver has been
reporting on the stark family from the
beginning she picks up their incredible
journey on Independence Day there's
always a risk when they go in for
surgery it's gonna be a tough takers
tough day today is Independence Day for
Sid and Lexi Stark did he pass to you
yeah a day their parents have been
waiting for and dreading for seven
months working around me then okay hold
on we just gotta get ready Emily and Jim
Starks conjoined twins are about to
become separate little girls creator god
we place these babies Sid lexi in your
hands out of their separation a coming
together their family and friends some
20-strong we ask that you guide all on
this day the surgery could take 24 hours
I love my girls tremendously they're
going through them possible but they'll
be able to get through it because I love
him and that's really what this whole
journey has been about was it harder or
easier than you thought to hand him off
it was harder it was harder than you
thought it would be it's hard because
this is it that's the last time we'll
see them joined going to lead off on
Lexi okay scalpel please we're starting
folks
the longer and the date got the harder
it got it starts to drain you
emotionally physically what is the news
you want to hear yeah I want to hear
that their separate toes are moving legs
are kickin finally after 11 hours of
surgery okay god Sydney and Alexandra
stark are separated they're on separate
beds everything looks fabulous thank you
thank you for all the dreams Thanks I
think such a weight was lifted from so
many people oh they're separated can you
believe him everyone realized I think
how significant that was back they've
still got a lot of work to do so far so
good as the plastic surgeons take over
dr. McDowell's concerns have gone away
yeah we got a lot of skin here there
looks to be more than enough healthy
skin to close the girls so it's going
well for the Starks it has been a
seemingly endless day filled with only
good news to my two daughters
Stephanie Riggs winner of the most
prestigious awards and television news
including the edward r murrow best your
listing enterprise regional Emmett
Gracie Allen award and Colorado's
broadcast citizen of the year